Add map aggregation function (#4173)
brimdata/zed: docs/language/aggregates/map.md

### Aggregate Function

> &emsp; **map** &mdash; aggregates map values into a single map

Reviewer: For consistency with docs/language/aggregates/collect.md.
```suggestion
&emsp; **map** &mdash; aggregate map values into a single map
```

### Synopsis
```

> map(|{ any: any, ...}|) -> |{ any: any, ...}|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
map(|{any:any}|) -> |{any:any}|
```

```
### Description

> The _map_ aggregate function combines map typed inputs into a single map output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _map_ aggregate function combines map inputs into a single map output.
```

> If _map_ receives multiple values for the same key the last value receieved is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If _map_ receives multiple values for the same key, the last value received is
```

> retained. If the input key/values vary in type, the return type will be a map
> of union of the types encountered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retained. If the input keys or values vary in type, the return type will be a map
of union of those types.
```
